Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, I just wanted to say thank you.
A dear sister sent this to me for my birthday, and it was really cool.
When I get something I really like like this, I told Braden, I said, "I'm going to tell them thank you for it.
" I like blankets.
This is really special.
You know, my birthday is really close to the fourth, and so she said, "I made...
" I don't know if she made it—I believe she made it—but she got this for me for my birthday present.
And I just thought I would share it with you and just tell her thank you.
Isn't that neat?
That was pretty cool and pretty special.
I said, "Hey, that was really nice of her.
" But then somebody sent Braden a drone, and he wanted to say personally, "Thank you for that.
" Yes, I just want to say thank you for this drone.
It's DJI, too.
I just love stuff like this.
So, yeah.
He was so excited.
Somebody sent this to him in the mail, and he's been playing with it.
Oh, yeah, it has a gimbal, and the gimbals make the footage steady.
So, yeah, that's what that is.
It's a very nice drone.
So, we just got these two things today, and I just wanted to say thank you.
Braden was excited about the drone, and he said, "Hey, Dad, I want to tell them thank you.
" It was a young couple.
They said they played with it with their dog.
With their dog, yes.
And it came with ND filters over it.
They took good care of it.
It's nice.
So, it's a blessing.
And he just wanted to come on and just say thank you to the young lady that sent it to him.
And I said, "Look at that, B.
You got you a drone.
" And it goes way high.
He said, "I can't send it any higher.
It says, 'Unless I register it, I can't go any higher,'" because we wanted to see how high we could see.
So, we were flying around, and Diana was in the garage, and he took it over the house and was turning around looking.
He was making it look like he was waving at her.
So, thank you so much.
Yeah, I could use it for the tribulation, too, because we used to go to the temple, you know, like go around it, you know.
So, I was like, "Hey, yeah, I could like fly this around and put the screens on it, you know, myself," because I used to have to use other people's footage, so I never had a drone.
So, I love it.
Thank you.
Yeah, he works really hard, and it was really a nice gift, and I just wanted to honor the person who did it and just say thank you.
Braden was excited.
All right.
Well, hey, you never see him.
He's always behind the camera hiding out over here praying with me, but he said, "I've got to tell them thank you because it's very expensive, you know.
" And he's like, "You know, I just want to be able to honor people when they honor me, Daddy.
" And I said, "Okay, let's do it.
Let's do it.
" So, and she gave a blanket to Megan, too, with a smiley face on it.
And I thought that was really a blessing.
Smiley face blanket for Megan.
So, yeah, we got some treasures today.
I just said, "Wasn't that neat?
" All in the same day.
Got a really cool blanket for my birthday, and I got a drone for my son, and a smiley face blanket for Megan.
And you know, people are kind.
People are really kind.
I said, "Look at this stuff.
We get these little toys and stuff, you know.
" So, just being kind to us, I appreciate that a lot.
Well, Donne Clement, Kim Clement's daughter, reached out to us and said, "Hey, my dad had a word that was similar to the word that you gave about the weapon that has never been seen before.
" And she said, "I want to send it to you through X or whatever," and it was a text message, and she said, "I want to show you what my dad prophesied.
" Well, I had no idea.
This was amazing, folks.
When you have two different voices that don't even know each other hearing the Spirit of the Lord warning you about a new weapon, a new weapon that we've never seen before, bigger, bigger...
Like, you know, I want to say this, nuclear weapons are a thing of the past.
And that may sound really—well, boy, Brandon, I don't know about that—but I'm telling you all, technological advancements have surpassed nuclear energy, nuclear.
I'm telling you, we're on the verge of a new industrial revolution.
And these new weapons, new things that we've never seen before that will become public, they've been working on behind closed doors for probably decades.
Who knows?
They gradually come out now.
AI and the things I've told you about AI...
Did you see Mission Impossible, Tom Cruise, and all that?
My goodness, folks.
AI and all the stuff I told you is coming, they're talking about in Hollywood—they try to desensitize you.
"Hey, you know, AI is going to take over and become the superpower and all this stuff, and we got a Mission Impossible to stop it.
" I just think it's very interesting.
So, going back to what Kim Clement said about this weapon, he said he saw it in the woods.
Now, I don't know if Poland has woods, but the Lord showed me it went out of Russia and came across and struck right there on the border right there by Warsaw and that area.
Okay?
And when it did, it made a humongous blast zone, and it went straight up, and it looked like a mushroom cloud.
And that's when I stopped and I said, "Lord, are they going to nuke them?
" I said, "Are they going to nuke these people?
" And the Lord said, "No, this is a weapon, Braden, that you've never seen before.
No one has ever seen this.
It's never been used on the planet before.
This is new technological advancements.
" So when you hear what Kim says—and I'm about to play the little bit of the word so you can hear what he says, because it's really awesome whenever you have another...
I had a confirmation that we're on the right road praying together.
We're on the right road, folks.
And, you know, when you have confirmation, and Donne sent it, and I was like, "You know, Lord, thank you.
It's always a pat on the back to say, 'Hey, guys, we're doing it.
Prayer changes things.
Let's pray into this and pray more and stop these things.
'" I believe there are certain things, you know, mass casualties...
The Lord showed me it was like a 50-mile blast zone.
Huge blast zone.
This was not like a normal little area.
This was big.
And I know 50 miles seems like a lot, folks.
That's a big area, but I'm just saying it was a massive blast zone.
Maybe it was 10 miles, but I'm just saying it looked huge for what I saw.
And everything around it, the people were gone, and the buildings still existed.
And I thought, "That is crazy," you know, the things I see when I'm praying.
So, and the Lord warned me, and he said, "Brandon, they don't want to use nuclear weapons because you can't inhabit the area after you do this.
You have to have gas masks, bodysuits, and everything else because of radiation fallout, you know.
" So, like I said, nuclear energy, nuclear fusion, nuclear things are going to become a thing of the past with this new AI industrial revolution.
We will see energy that we never knew existed in the days ahead through mathematical equations similar to Einstein.
But we have a computer being the Einstein.
Do you understand?
And it's going to be with this Hadron collider and the God particle and all these things that are going on with CERN.
I'm telling you all, technological advancements beyond your wildest expectations are coming in the days ahead.
And it's not going to be, "Well, we saw a little something in 2020.
" I'm talking about it's going to be like dominoes.
We're going to hear it all the time.
"Here's some stuff to heal diabetes.
Here's some stuff to heal cancer.
Here's, you know, whatever.
" It's going to be everywhere all the time.
Alzheimer's is no more.
Dementia is no more.
And that's what's going to get you to trust it.
Living in this time is pretty wild, isn't it?
Don't you all think it's pretty wild?
You know, we see all the things we're seeing.
Some folks never thought we'd still be here, that the rapture of the church would have taken place way before this.
But we're seeing more than what a lot of people thought we would see.
In other words, we haven't had our revival yet.
We haven't had the great harvest of souls.
And some people say, "Well, that's not biblical, Brandon.
It's not in the word to have a major harvest of souls before the rapture of the church.
It's during and after the rapture of the church that everybody's freaking out and everybody runs to Jesus.
" I'm not denying, folks, that people are going to freak out and want to come find Jesus.
But if you remember what I told you, when I went to the Tribulation with the Father and He took me out of my body in an out-of-body experience, I saw many groups of Christians that knew what had happened that had been left behind, that did not keep their lamps full of oil, that were lukewarm.
They were not filled with or controlled by the Holy Ghost at all.
They were living a compromising life, and they got left.
And I'm telling you, they were mad.
Oh, they were so mad.
And when this happened, they were ready to string up those preachers.
I'm talking hang them right there.
It was bad.
They were ready to hang those preachers for not preaching more fiery words.
They blamed them.
Instead of blaming themselves for being lukewarm, they blamed their preachers, the preachers who were left here.
And I told you, I saw certain preachers that were here that have been on television.
And I'm telling you all, these men were preaching to millions and millions of people on a weekly basis.
So if I told you their names of who I saw, which I'm never going to do—if I told you their names who were here, you would go, "Oh my gosh.
" Seriously, I still see them and I watch, and I always tell—because my son knows and my wife—and we go, "Turn the channel quick.
" I'm not going to let them feed me because I know who's here, parts of the people out of that little vision of what the Lord showed me, whatever this was.
I want to play the clip for you and I think it'll bless you.
So we'll be right back after this.
I suddenly became aware of danger and it seemed like there were signs of war.
What frightened me was that there was talk of a destructive weapon and I heard this: "They're looking in the wrong place.
It's hidden.
" And so, it's like I was catapulted hundreds of feet into the air and I was above a large forest.
Now, I think some of you even heard me say that.
And I was hovering above this massive forest.
The color seemed dusty with hints of yellow and mustard—it's like mustard or yellow.
It didn't seem like a normal forest.
And this country contains something extremely dangerous.
I was aware of the fact that as a prophet in this age, I was in a similar position as Elisha was when he started seeing and hearing the plans of the enemy.
I became aware of extreme heat and danger.
My body was overwhelmed by what was like radiance and fire, and fear struck me for the first time.
And that's when I said, "It's okay.
It's okay," because I was trying to tell somebody that was in this vision.
But fear struck me for the first time.
Was this nuclear?
Was this atomic?
Was this what I was feeling?
Was I interceding on behalf of Israel and America?
I believe I was, first of all.
But at that point there were multiple visions and a question seemed to arise constantly: Armageddon, the slaughter of humanity, an atomic war no one wanted but which no one had the wisdom to avoid.
Now I need to say that to you again and I want you to listen to it because this is what I heard: Armageddon, the slaughter of humanity, an atomic war no one wanted but which no one had the wisdom to avoid.
What were we to pray for?
For wisdom and the Spirit of the Lord.
Then that's when He was showing me this weapon that nobody knows about or perhaps they are ignoring because, at that point, for those that have watched the vision and watched me in the spirit, I said, "It's okay.
It's okay.
" The vision of wickedness and impending danger is due to some device hidden in a place unknown to the present intelligence—that's what I have to tell you—and maybe even ignored.
In other words, "Oh, that's not important.
" This weapon is in a human mind.
And the weapon that is in this human mind came to me when I saw some alphabetical letters.
I saw some letters.
At first, I thought it was A to Z.
Now, this is a puzzle to me right now.
But God almost said to me, "Focus on this so that the mystery can be unfolded.
" The letters were A and Q.
That's all I saw.
And He said, "That's where it's at.
" Then I saw Russia.
I saw Pakistan.
And I saw a connection.
That's all I saw there.
And I remember that, but I didn't say it.
That's important for you to take note of.
Go out there and research.
Diana is going to as well.
The vision of fire and water.
Now I was absolutely surrounded by evil and I felt as Daniel did praying for his people.
Now let me just tell you what Daniel said.
He said, "While I was praying, the man Gabriel"—and remember Gabriel is one of the most powerful angels whom I'd seen in the vision at the beginning being caused to fly swiftly.
Now you think about God and time.
Why would God need an angel to move rapidly?
Because, see, men have power to control things that happen on the earth because God put man on the earth.
So when things happen, they can slow it down or they can hasten it.
And so the angel was caused to fly swiftly.
That's what Daniel says.
And it reached me about the time of the evening offering.
And I want you to get this because so few people realize and understand the power of the evening offering because he says the angel arrived and got to me about the time of the evening offering.
Russia was yielding from her...
Now Russia would yield.
Now I wasn't sure what that meant but I saw ashes, ashes, and ashes.
And then suddenly out of the ashes arose a charmer, a man, a serpent in a man with seducing power as I'd not ever seen before.
Keep your eye on Russia.
Watch what happens.
Wasn't that amazing?
So Kim Clement saw something that was just pretty radical, wasn't it?
You know, and his worship—doesn't his worship just bless you?
When he plays the piano and everything, it blesses me.
I can sit down and hear the mountain of the Lord and just sit there and just weep.
I just love it.
I told Diana, I said, "It's one of my favorite songs.
" I loved it.
I don't know if he wrote that song or not.
I'm sure he did, but it really blessed me.
It still does.
I listen to it probably once or twice a week.
You know, the Lord warned me and He said, "Brandon, when a general in battle dies in the battle and the war is not over, it doesn't mean that their job is complete.
It means they're passing the baton on to somebody else now, that another general comes up to take it.
" And He said, "Run with it.
Run with this.
Pray, Brandon.
Pray.
Call the people to prayer for it's time to pray.
" And I said, "Lord, I'll do this.
" And when the Lord told me, He said the same thing with John Paul Jackson.
These men, He said, it's time.
They pass the baton.
It's passing of the baton.
And it's time for the new Davids to rise up and take the baton and do what God's called us to do.
And let's finish this race.
Let's finish this race.
And I believe, with this prayer channel and what we're doing throughout the whole world praying, whenever the Lord warned me about Mel Gibson, Braden's been researching everything and he said, "Did you know he was on Joe Rogan, Dad?
" And I said, "No, he was talking about trying to do a new movie, and he's been under a lot of attack.
" And I said, "No way.
" So he played the little clip for me, talking about the Passion of the Christ.
He got a lot of persecution, and he just started filming the second movie, Passion of the Christ 2, and he said he's going to start filming it in 2025.
So, folks, it's amazing what the Lord shows me, and he tells me, 'You need to pray for Mel Gibson as a corporate body.
Intercede for him, for his movie that he's producing will be a major tool in the days ahead for an end-time revival.
It's going to fan people's flame for the actors and for the funding for all of it.
' He said, 'Intercede for him for creative ideas, for him to hear my voice, to know what to do to produce this and not have the demonic pressure back him a little.
' And I said, "Yes, Father, we'll do it.
" So, we're going to pray for Mel Gibson right now.
We're going to intercede for him that he would have the funding, he would have whatever.
I don't understand everything.
All I know is that the Lord said, "Pray for him because he was coming under demonic pressure.
" I don't know if it's from the Hollywood elite, the Illuminati, the weird people, or if it is just straight-up satanic.
I don't know.
But all I know is if God's calling you to pray for it, that means he has a plan.
And we're bringing down the angels.
We're going to call forth the angels.
We're going to intercede for him.
And this is going to change for Mel Gibson today.
He's going to get some relief, get some pressure off his shoulders so he can finish this.
I'm telling you, I saw theaters packed full of people, and when they watched this movie, What's Coming, I saw them weeping with the glory in the theaters.
And that last prayer service we did, I saw them weeping under the presence of God.
And when this happens, I saw people being healed.
I saw people being delivered in the middle of a movie theater.
And I thought, 'That's why sometimes I say, Lord, I believe.
Help my unbelief, you know, watching a movie.
Wow.
' And, you know, watching The Chosen—we love to watch The Chosen with the kids—it's awesome.
The new season just came out where we could watch it.
We watched the last one, the first video, Palm Sunday and stuff, and wow.
I just go, "Wow, Lord.
" You know, the thunder in the sky, it was just amazing.
I just go, "Oh my God, I love the supernatural.
I just go to be at the feet of Jesus.
He's our friend.
" Oh, Father, I'm so thankful for all that you've done.
And I'm so thankful for people rising up in these last days and doing TV series, and Mel Gibson doing this.
I don't know what the movie will be like, folks, but that's why we've got to pray for him because of what the Lord said: 'I'm going to use that movie, Brandon.
I'm going to use a movie.
' And I'm telling you all, folks, it's time to get excited because God has a plan that's bigger than what you can comprehend.
This is going to be huge, right?
So let's just believe God that there's an anointing on this movie, and let's pray for whatever else the Lord has for us.
We're praying for the riots to stop in LA.
You know, obnoxious.
You've got the people that jumped the border illegally, did all these things, and now they're upset because ICE is trying to take them home, and now they're going to burn down the cities.
It's like, 'Okay, well, that's real smart.
Burn our country up.
' So people just don't—I mean, there's such a reprobate mind on folks and you just go, "Are you kidding me?
We don't have time for this.
" So let's pray right now together, and let's just seek him and let's go to his throne and ask him, Father, if he—I believe he has something to show us today, and we're going to pray for Mel Gibson and we're going to do the things we need to do.
Okay.
Father, we just thank you.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we lift it up before you.
We thank you, Father, that you were wounded for our transgressions, you were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we're healed.
And we take this body in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that no sickness, no disease comes nigh.
We take the body and we lift it up before you, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're redeemed from the curse of the law.
According to Galatians, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And we just want to say thank you, Father, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do in the mighty name of Jesus.
Aren't you excited about what he did for us?
We see what the word of God says, ladies and gentlemen, of all of the Old Testament and how much they had to go through on a daily basis.
And Jesus made it so easy for every single one of us.
We make it hard.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory.
My wife said, "Brandon, a lot of people don't want to take the time to read the Old Testament.
" You know, a lot of it seems kind of boring, but she said she's just been really studying it with me, and she's reading to me the old prophetic men, what they went through, and just encouraging me, and the pressure of their ministry, of their calling, of what God had called them to do.
One had to lay on his side for 300 and some days, and then he had to lay on the other side for some days and eat eight ounces of bread, Ezekiel bread.
And I was just like, "Wow.
Wow.
" And cook it over poop.
Just the stuff the Lord—I just go, "God, you're such a good God.
" But wow, some of these men had it hard.
Just having the covenant from Jesus and what he did for us.
When she reads all the stories and we go over it together and just really study the word of God, wow, we are so blessed.
We are so blessed to have this.
Do not take it for granted what Jesus did for you.
It was a very expensive, high price that he paid for every single one of us to walk in victory.
It's not just a wafer.
It's not just grape juice.
It's not just unleavened bread.
It's not just wine.
Jesus Christ paid the price for you to walk in victory from the Old Testament.
We don't ignore it.
But thank God that it says in Galatians, Christ has redeemed you and me from the curse of the law.
Glory to God!
He became sickness.
He became poverty.
He became sin.
He took it all for us to walk in victory over all of it.
And we don't have to kill a goat or a lamb.
The goat and the lamb population, the fatted calves, they're all so thankful right now.
Even for Jesus, what he did for us.
Every single—even nature is going, "Thank you.
Thank you for doing what you did for us.
" Do you see that?
He even cares about it.
And I'm just saying, folks, it's that big.
It's that big, every single area.
Jesus paid the price.
Thank you, Father.
And Father, I just thank you for this.
And I take the body and I honor you for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
And I thank you, Lord.
By your stripes, we're healed.
Amen and amen.
Lord, thank you for the blood.
Thank you for the blood, Lord.
I apply the blood over my mind, all the way down to the soles of my feet.
The top of my head, the soles of my feet, I apply the blood.
I plead the blood over every cell of my body.
No sickness, no disease, no cancers, no diabetes, no heart disease, nothing comes nigh us.
We thank you, Lord, that you've redeemed us from the curse.
I thank you, Lord, that every tongue that rises against me, Father, is condemned.
No weapon formed against me, my wife, my children will prosper; over my finances, over my house, over my dogs, whatever, Father, no weapon formed against me, even my vehicle, will prosper.
Not one weapon.
And every tongue that rises against me, Father, you said we condemn it.
We condemn it.
It falls to the ground.
It will not bear fruit in my life.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We bless those that try to hurt us and harm us.
Father, we bless them.
We pray for them.
We thank you, Lord, that you said you provide for angels to protect us.
And they bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
And Father, I send the angels out right now from the north, the south, the east, the west to protect my wife, my children, and me.
I thank you, Lord, that your angels are watching over us.
I thank you, Lord, there's a bloodline around our property.
There's a bloodline around us, Father.
I thank you, Lord.
There's a bloodline around our car when we drive.
There's a bloodline around us when we go into the grocery store.
A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
You have to believe it.
Psalms 91, Psalms 23, we are walking in that place of provision.
Father, we call for finances from the north, the south, the east, the west to overflow us, Father, that there's more than enough to do what God's called us to do in Jesus' name.
You speak to your finances.
I thank you, Father, that whatever we put our hands to will prosper today.
We plead the blood over what we put our hands to.
Thank you, Lord, Father, that when we touch it, we're blessed, Father, because you dwell in us.
We look to you for all our provision, for you are our great provider and you will provide for us.
You are Jehovah Jireh.
Do you believe that today, ladies and gentlemen, that Jesus Christ paid the price for you to even walk in victory over finances?
You don't have to be poor.
You don't have to be struggling.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that your gospel is an abundant, overflowing gospel, exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think, gospel.
It's not going, 'Well, you know, God just barely made it, so we could barely get by with the skin of our teeth.
' No.
No.
Father, I thank you for the blood.
I plead the blood over all our sins, over everything we've done.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that your blood washes it over.
It's gone.
You don't even remember it anymore.
Thank you, Father, that you covered us.
Thank you, Lord, that we enter into your throne room boldly, into that courtroom today.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're sitting in the courtroom and we take great pleasure in doing what we're called to do, Lord.
For you said, 'The willing and obedient will eat the good of the land.
' And we're willing and obedient.
We're excited.
We take the blood right now in Jesus' name.
Hallelujah.
So, Father, we just lift up Mel Gibson before you right now.
You've had him on my heart today.
And I just cover him in the blood.
I cover Mel Gibson in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Father, that all the supporting actors, the actresses, the main actors, all of it, Father, they are covered.
Let the glory fall on him as he's making this film for you, Father.
As he's making the film, though, it's a call.
This is a purpose, for I see deep into it.
Oh, I see by the Spirit of the Lord.
I see into this, Father, that he will finish his race and finish it strong, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic spirit.
We thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camping around the movie set in Jesus' name.
We cover him from the top of his head to the soles of his feet, that he has wisdom and that the Holy Spirit would flow, and that there would not be a demonic dam trying to come against him in the name of Jesus.
For where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.
And when the enemy tries to come in, Father, like a flood, the Spirit of the Lord raises a standard against him.
You said that there would be many souls, there would be many healings, many deliverances in these movie theaters when this movie plays, whatever they show on it.
Now, Father, I thank you, Lord, that your will will be done.
It will be a mighty, moving, rushing wind in the mighty name of Jesus.
That they would stick, they would stay to the word and not deviate far off the word.
Visit him in the midnight hour, oh God.
Satan, stop your maneuvering against the man in the name of Jesus.
And all your demonic spirits trying to disrupt the flow of the Spirit when it comes to this movie set.
We call forth your angels right now.
We call forth the angels right now.
Let the Spirit of the Lord be on the movie set.
Let the Spirit of the Lord, that it be like none other, any other movie that we've ever seen before, more than Charlton Heston with the Ten Commandments, more than the first one.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, whatever this movie is about, God, it will be a mighty, moving, rushing wind, a mighty, moving, rushing wind, a glory of the Lord, a glory that will be seen in Australia.
It will be seen in Europe.
It will be seen in the Middle East.
It will be seen in Asia.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it would be a movie that would be spread so far and wide, and it would be the biggest-grossing box office blockbuster ever in history, showing the people that we want to see good, godly movies instead of the filth they try to put before us.
Thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, that you undergird him.
Thank you, Lord, that this will not be a big letdown that we're praying for something.
We thank you, Lord, that this will be what you said it will be: a stirring in the people in the audience, a stirring in the people in the audience.
Oh, we turn it.
We turn it.
Influence it, that he would have all the funding that he would need.
I see $50 million.
I see the number five zero.
I saw it's $50 million.
Yeah, we hit it.
It is definitely something about that.
I hit it when I hit it.
What is that?
50 million.
I see these boulders that are coming down.
I see boulders that are stacked up.
Every obstacle, every barrier, everything that's standing in the way, we call forth those boulders to come down in the name of Jesus.
We're calling those boulders down in the name of Jesus.
They're gold, and they're not gold.
They're silver-looking.
They're like boulders, but there's white on them.
And it looks like they're like almost marbled-looking boulders, and they're all round, and they're all stacked, like whenever you make a pile of them and it's in a path, and it's trying to block the path.
And I'm seeing the path being removed.
I'm seeing them being removed from the path right now.
Oh.
Okay, now I see that demonic spirit of witchcraft coming against him from the Hollywood elites.
You hear it?
They know he's doing the video.
They know he's doing it.
I see it.
But they're coming against him, and there's covens of them.
There's covens.
Greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world.
Greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world, that your will be done.
This is part of the great harvest.
They're coming for a movie, but they're going to have an experience, they're going to have an experience in the experience of the movie.
You hear, they're going to have an experience with me.
He says, as they are coming to experience the movie, but I see the presence of the Lord.
He's going after the youth.
I'm seeing 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20s, and then it goes up into the 30s.
I'm keeping it PG-13 at least, and I'm seeing even a battle with the R-rating with this.
A battle with the R-rating like Cosa Nostra.
They're like the Hollywood people.
You see evil men trying to say this is, and it's not.
This is coming against the rating of the film.
You see, what would be in it, actually?
Who gives ratings?
There are decisions that have to be made.
What direction do you want to go with this?
Do you want to be more authentic?
Being more authentic in the spirit.
I hear, 'being more authentic,' or taming it down to grab them.
Oh, the Lord said we're shifting now.
I'm praying over something else.
We prayed over this, now we're going to shift.
It's going to shift.
We're going to shift.
Okay, I see it now.
Now I see strategic cities.
Chicago, I'm seeing Chicago, I'm seeing Dallas.
I'm seeing rioting with Antifa, more planned disruptions across America.
Seattle, I'm seeing Seattle with my eyes open.
I see Seattle with more disruptions with this ICE, the border stuff uprising.
Baltimore, I see the Ravens—Baltimore protests, Miami, I see the word Miami.
Oh, now I'm seeing the 14th.
I see Washington, D.
C.
I see disruptions.
Pray against the disruptions.
I see Kansas City.
I see Denver.
The people trying to do uprisings, mimicking a similar event like in California, like trying to do L.
A.
again, trying to uprise in other cities—the same thing.
Evil men plotting, trying to stir up strife and discord.
And we call peace, peace, peace.
We speak peace in the name of Jesus, peace over these cities.
You must intercede for the parade, the military parade.
You must intercede for the military parade.
I see tight security all around, very tight security.
There are real checkpoints.
There is very tight security.
We pray protection around Trump.
We pray protection around J.
D.
Vance.
We say protection around the kids, around Don Jr.
and the kids.
We call protection over the family.
Any family that's showing up, we call protection over his grandkids.
We call a hedge of protection over them in the name of Jesus.
We call protection around every person that's attending and spectating the parade.
We call a hedge of protection around every single one of them.
It'll be a time of fun, no drama, no planned attacks, nothing.
Oh, what's interesting in this vision that I see is multiple protests going on at once throughout America at the same time, almost like an uprising, kind of like civil unrest.
I'm telling you, martial law is coming to some places.
We're stopping this.
We're going to stop this.
Agree with me, we're going to stop this.
These uprisings in each one of these cities, we won't even hear about it.
It's going to be a couple of people just talking, signs picketing, doing things like that, but none of this rioting stuff, burning buildings and doing all this.
And this goes clear up into the Fourth, for another two, three weeks—this week, next week, and the next week.
And then the fourth week, the Fourth of July is coming right behind it.
I see the weeks.
Oh, I just heard the Lord say, 'This is a prayer assignment.
' This is a prayer assignment going on until after the Fourth of July.
I see many plots and many plans going until after the Fourth of July.
We must pray a prayer of protection over this nation from now until after the Fourth of July.
God bless America, land that I love, stand beside her and guide her.
It's like I can't get my tongues out fast enough for what I'm seeing.
It is so big to pray over in the spirit; it is like my mouth cannot utter the tongue enough to pray for what I'm seeing, and that doesn't happen very often.
This is like groanings that cannot be uttered.
Do you hear me?
This is deep.
This is more than just touching this a little bit with a surface prayer.
The root is deep.
And I see very dark men within, but these men have money.
These are not people that have come across the border; they're deep men within.
God bless America.
How do you eat an elephant?
One bite at a time.
Whenever something is so big in front of me like that, you do.
How do you do it?
One bite at a time.
You take like a pinprick and you just keep going here, and you don't worry about all this.
It's so much.
You just do it by the Spirit of God and you pray into it.
You see, because I can't focus on so many things.
I'm going to attack it by the spirit of how the Holy Spirit tells me to attack it with y'all, because many hands make light work.
Does that make sense?
So we're all doing it together and we're moving together in this.
I'm in Las Vegas, Nevada.
I'm on the Strip again.
It went clear from there to the ocean, and I see a major hurricane brewing.
I see a major hurricane.
This is manipulated.
Weather modification again and again and again and again.
So watch Cuba.
I hear it.
Watch Cuba.
What is up with the Black Panther?
Today, launch out into the deep.
It's all very strange.
Lord, we're in the deep, deep, deep.
Significant change.
So something major is coming now.
Now it's coming for me.
September.
I see on that hurricane a very tight, defined eye.
I saw a very tight, defined eye, very defined.
It wasn't just like a, you know, big wide eye.
It was very skinny and small and very pronounced and very thick.
So that means, I believe, it was a very strong hurricane.
I'm still seeing about the earthquakes in Oregon.
The volcanoes are about to erupt.
Signs and wonders, signs in the earth.
I'm hearing it.
'Signs, Brandon, signs.
' This will not be prayed.
I see it.
We praise you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for protecting our president.
Thank you, Lord, for protecting and exposing all darkness.
Every plot, every plan, come to the surface.
Every plot, every plan, come to the surface so that we see it, they'll expose it and get rid of it.
We thank you, Lord, for our CIA, Homeland Security, Father, for all our military.
We pray a hedge of protection over every single one of them, that the enemy within is exposed.
Thank you, Jesus, that you're coming soon.
We thank you, Lord, that all these things we ask in your Son's name.
I see New York.
I see in New York the big fireworks show.
We pray a protection over the Macy's fireworks show, that big fireworks show.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that all those people are not in harm's way.
Thank you, Lord, for protection over them.
We thank you, Lord, your angels are watching over them, that it'd be a great celebration with no interruptions from any kind of hurts.
Thank you, Father, over Washington, over all these areas.
Protection in Jesus' name, without a hitch in Jesus' name.
We uncover the bombs today.
We uncover the bombs.
We pray over the railroads—freights, boxcars, derailments, bigger than that.
I see Santa Fe.
What is that?
Santa Fe.
Lobato Railroad.
My map, see.
Lord, we thank You, Lord, for Your protection.
We thank You, Lord, for Your divine protection.
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise, Father, for all that You've done in this prayer session.
Thank you, Lord, that there's more work to be done, but we eat an elephant one bite at a time.
You said, 'Eat an elephant, Brandon, one bite at a time.
' You don't go, 'Oh, no, I got to fix everything.
' You just do one thing at a time.
Pray as He tells you to.
Take your care out of your prayer.
We're not worried about any of this.
We're not taking the care of it.
We take the care out of our prayer.
All these terror attack things, all this Antifa—Jesus has a plan, and we're praying out the plan.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that it's done.
Thank you, Lord, that we have won.
We've got the victory.
We have the victory.
Hallelujah.
We've got the victory.
Everything is going to be all right.
Thank you, Lord.
Well, praise the Lord, ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you for being with me today.
We're going to do it one at a time.
We got work to do, clear out to the 4th of July.
Okay.
Hallelujah.
We've got the victory.
We've got the victory over this.
We've got the victory over the parade.
We got the victory over Antifa.
We got the victory.
We've got the victory.
Every plot, every plan of the wicked is being uncovered.
What I saw about Santa Fe was I saw an old railroad car that said Santa Fe on it.
And in it, it was red and it was white.
And I saw Santa Fe.
And it looked almost like a cross.
It looked similar to a cross on this Santa Fe, on this red railroad car.
And there was a bomb in the railroad car.
That's what I saw.
And that's why I saw Santa Fe.
It was a railroad car, not an engine.
Yeah, there's a cross.
There you go.
That's what I saw.
I saw a cross, and there were white letters on it.
It said Santa Fe on this red—that's it right there.
But it was white letters.
It looked like white letters.
It wasn't yellow.
It looked white, but it was red—a red boxcar.
And in that red boxcar was a device.
That's what I'm trying to tell, that's what I was praying over.
I could see in that railroad car.
And it was one railroad car, and it was going from the west like this way, and it was going east.
It looked like it was going east, and it was inside a railroad car.
That's it right there.
But it was a boxcar.
It was on the back end of it, on the back end of a railroad boxcar, and it was on the back end just like that one.
Yep, just like that.
It was just like that, but it was inside there.
Is that AI?
No, that's real.
That's what it looked like in the vision when I saw it.
And it was white and it had faded-out letters.
The paint on the boxcar was faded out like it needed a paint job.
And I could see the doors, and I could see there's something inside that boxcar.
When I was praying, I could see there's something in that boxcar.
He said, 'I'm not taking the care of it.
I roll the care off on Him.
' I roll the care off on Him because He's got this, He's working through us, and we're going to get this done.
You know, we got to pray over into the month of...
we get through the fourth, but we go clearing, and I see September, and it was highlighted.
Pray over the month of September.
There's something about September.
September football, and it's starting to turn to fall.
He says, 'You have much work to do, but I'll work through you.
' He just said that.
'I love you, Lord.
We work together.
I'll help you, Father, I always do.
I love you, Lord.
We'll do our best, Lord.
Everything is about to change.
' He said, 'Remember this, everything will change.
' Well, I pray this video blessed you today.
We have a lot of work to do.
I appreciate you being here, for many hands make light work, and we appreciate every single one of you being here today.
God bless you.
If you could subscribe, subscribe, subscribe.
I'm believing for a million people, y'all—a million men and women army, all for the glory of God.
It's not about Brandon.
I'm going to tell you, people, I just want to finish my job.
I want to do it and do it right, and I want to do this with all my might and to the glory of the Lord.
Let's do this and get the job done, and let's go home, for Jesus' coming.
We pray this video blesses you.
We pray this channel blesses you.
You come here and you pray and you seek Jesus' face with us.
He says, 'Brandon, lift your head, for your redemption draws nigh.
' Jesus is coming.
Hallelujah.
Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we will see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.